Yeah, yeah, yeah
I'm gonna just
You're gonna stand?
I'm just going to stand
Alright, so I'm here with Paolo
We are organizing the craziest thing that Hack Club has ever done
It's called Juice
It's the craziest thing that I've ever done too by the way
so Juice is going to be a two month long game Jam where we are going to be working for 2 months to make our own games
I've never made my own actual game before
so
Me neither
Yeah
we're going to figure it out together in the #juice channel
We're going to have calls every week where we work together
The first half of this is where we are going to work together for two months
make our own games
The second half of this is where things get crazy
The second half is we are going to be running an in-person popup cafe in Shanghai
China
People are going to come in from the streets
come into the cafe
and play our games
The cool thing is our games are going to be totally languageless
So what does that mean?
That means it's playable even you don't speak the same language
Yeah so no spoken word
no written word
no English
no Mandarin, none of that
We all just share a love of playing games
You grew up playing games
I grew up playing games
Now we're going to make our own
so let's make this happen together
If you want to make this adventure happen all of the resources you need to make it happen are in your hands
We have flight stipends
community of people making it happen
and we also have me and Paolo
I drop everything in my life to come back to Hack Club to make this happen
so if you want to make this happen let's make it happen together